{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1391\cocoasubrtf120
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red243\green235\blue0;\red255\green255\blue51;\red217\green11\blue0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh10400\viewkind0
\deftab433
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab433\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Rich Text View (NSTextView) - Edit Me!
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56843 
\f2\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab433\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Open as many new documents as you wish. \
\
Add and edit text via the keyboard using the Edit menu (
\f0\b Cut, Copy, Paste
\f2\b0  etc.). Modify text attributes via menu items in the \'93
\f0\b Format->Font
\f2\b0 \'94, \'93
\f0\b Format->Text
\f2\b0 \'94 menus. To change text color 
\f0\b \cb2 show the color panel 
\f2\b0 \cb1 by selecting the \'93Format->Font->Show Colors\'94 menu item. To change a wide range of text attributes (Font, Font Size, Font Typeface etc.) 
\f0\b \cb3 show the fonts panel by selecting the \'93Format->Font->Show Fonts\'94
\f2\b0 \cb1  menu item. Modify paragraph attributes (including margins, tabs, and Styles)  via the ruler. Drag and drop text and images. Show/Hide the Toolbar via the \'93View\'94 menu.\
\
Note: Data persistence (Save, Open etc.) is not implemented, and accordingly the relevant menu items are disabled. Having said that when a \'93dirty\'94 document (document with changes) is closed either directly or when the application quits, the save dialog is presented, if you choose \'93Save\'94 it eventually ends with an error message, and the window is not closed. In order to close/quit you must select \'93Don\'92t Save\'94.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab433\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf4 Chapeau Apple! 
\f1\fs28 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56397 }